Retail: Lucky Shrub
Based in Tuscon, Arizona, Lucky Shrub is a medium-sized garden design firm that specializes in garden design and creation, maintenance and landscaping. The company also runs a small plant nursery that sells indoor and outdoor plants, making them a one-stop shop for clients to "transform any space into an oasis you can be proud of".

Lucky Shrub was started by a husband and wife team, Jason and Maria, who share a long-time love for plants. Jason is the garden architect. He creates and oversees all designs while managing his team of landscapers. Maria manages all the marketing for the company and oversees the nursery.


Professional services: Hair Day  

Based in Madison, Wisconsin, Hair Day is a boutique hair salon that specializes in cut, color and styling. Hair Day also offers makeup and nail services, prides itself on its warm and relaxing atmosphere and is best known for edgy hair colors and on-trend cuts. The salon can only accommodate a small number of coloring appointments each week, so clients need to book far in advance. To keep clients inspired between appointments, the employees share makeup and nail tutorials on the Hair Day website. 

Pria, the owner of Hair Day, earned her certificate as a colorist and immediately started specializing in edgy, custom coloring techniques. She wanted to create a "treat yourself" environment for her clients. Pria opened the salon with her good friend and talented hairdresser, Garry. They have a staff of seven: two stylists, three colorists, one manicurist and one make-up artist.


Restaurant: Little Lemon  
Logo of the fictional client Little Lemon
Based in Chicago, Illinois, Little Lemon is a family-owned Mediterranean restaurant, focused on traditional recipes served with a modern twist. The chefs draw inspiration from Italian, Greek, and Turkish culture and have a menu of 12–15 items that they rotate seasonally. The restaurant has a rustic and relaxed atmosphere with moderate prices, making it a popular place for a meal any time of the day.

Little Lemon is owned by two Italian brothers, Mario and Adrian, who moved to the United States to pursue their shared dream of owning a restaurant. To craft the menu, Mario relies on family recipes and his experience as a chef in Italy. Adrian does all the marketing for the restaurant and led the effort to expand the menu beyond classic Italian to incorporate additional cuisines from the Mediterranean region.


Luxury Jewelry: Mangata and Gallo
Logo of the fictional client Magata and Gallo
Mangata and Gallo is a jewelry store that specializes in special occasions like engagements, weddings and anniversaries. The jewelry company primarily operates online and has a small storefront in Austin, Texas with an atelier attached for browsing. Mangata & Gallo's selection of jewelry is known for its high-quality and classic look. The owner, an Austin local, is well known for her jewelry designs.  

Mariana is the owner and the lead designer of Mangata and Gallo. After graduating from design school with a specialization in diamond cutting and metal smithing, Mariana opened a store in her hometown, Austin and started to grow her business online. Mariana has always managed every aspect of the business, from jewelry design to marketing to e-commerce. However, she recently hired several artisans to help craft her designs and a young employee to help manage the company website and social media accounts.

